Sarah met Rajan at Columbia.
That ended when she met Siddhartha at the University of Virginia.
That ended when she met Daniel at the Corner Bistro in New York.
That ended when she met Rachel, through a mutual friend in New York.
That ended when she met Ross on a community service trip to New Orleans.
That ended when she met William in October 2013 while living in San Francisco.
That ended when she met Michael while working together at Morgan Stanley in New York.
That ended when she met Ian through a mutual friend in Los Angeles in October 2014.
That ended when she met George at the College of New Jersey, from which both graduated.
That ended when she met Amy in San Francisco, and had their first date at Blackbird Bar.
That ended when she met Daniel at the Jewish Theological Seminary in New York, where they are students.
That ended when she met Jake at a dinner party in Charleston, S.C., that was hosted by a mutual friend.
That ended when she met Andrew 10 years ago on the first day of a Yale-sponsored summer internship program in Greece.
That ended when she met Andrew at a bar in Miami when the groom agreed to take a picture of the bride and her friends.
That ended when she met Jonathan at Amherst College, from which they graduated, the bride summa cum laude and the groom cum laude.
That ended when she met Aaron through a friend of the bride, who also dated the groom but decided the bride would be a better fit for him.
That ended when she met Christian at a happy hour in Washington that was hosted by the practice group of a law firm for which both then worked.
That ended when she met Catherine through the dating app Tinder, and had their first date at the annual High Heel Drag Queen Race in Washington.
That ended when she met Vincent at Northwestern and are now pursuing Ph.D.’s, she in sociology at Princeton, he in computational biology at Columbia.
That ended when she met Andrew during the first day of orientation at Emory University School of Law during a tailgate event at an Atlanta Braves game.
